parts/custom-parts/README.md, before:

# A collection of custom parts.

Here you will find adapters for non Meccano parts and new takes on existing Meccano parts.

Prefix | Description | By
:--- | :--- | :---
[<img src="cube0.5/images/cube-with-nuts.jpg" width="100">](cube0.5#readme) | &frac12;" cubes | Ed Vegia
[<img src="differential/images/both.jpg" width="100">](differential#readme) | Differential cages | Steven Terrell
[<img src="images/collar-pillow-block.png" width="100">](stl/collar-pillow-block.stl) | Collar pillow block | Steven Terrell
[<img src="images/144c_grubbed_dog_clutch.png" width="100">](stl/144c_grubbed_dog_clutch.stl) | 144c Grubbed triflat dog clutch | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5234068)
[<img src="images/9V_battery_holder_end_mounting.png" width="100">](stl/9V_battery_holder_end_mounting.stl) | Holder for 9V battery with end mounting holes | mecparts
[<img src="images/9V_battery_holder_side_mounting.png" width="100">](stl/9V_battery_holder_side_mounting.stl) | Holder for 9V battery with side mounting holes | mecparts
[<img src="images/bugatti_t35_radiator_model33.png" width="100">](stl/bugatti_t35_radiator_model33.stl) | Bugatti T35 Radiator for Meccano model #33 | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5087612)
[<img src="images/One_Inch_Motor_to_Meccano_Brackett.png" width="100">](stl/One_Inch_Motor_to_Meccano_Brackett_.stl) | Mounting plate for 1" diameter motors | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5361324)

## Microcontroller Mounts

Prefix | Description | By
:--- | :--- | :---
[<img src="images/Arduino_mounting_plate.png" width="100">](stl/Arduino_mounting_plate.stl) | An adapter plate for mounting an Arduino Uno ([SCAD](scad/Arduino_mounting_plate.scad), [DXF](dxf/Arduino_mounting_plate_Meccano_logo.dxf))| mecparts
[<img src="images/stereopi_v1.png" width="100">](stl/stereopi_v1.stl) | Raspberry Pi mounting plate (version 1) | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5217911)
[<img src="images/stereopi_mount.png" width="100">](stl/stereopi_mount.stl) | Raspberry Pi mounting plate | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5207817)
[<img src="images/stereopi_holey_mount.png" width="100">](stl/stereopi_holey_mount.stl) | Raspberry Pi mounting plate (end holes) | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5207817)
[<img src="images/compact_esp32s_38_pin.png" width="100">](stl/compact_esp32s_38_pin.stl) | Esp-32S Mounting Case Meccano Compatible | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5330188)
[<img src="images/compact_esp32s_38_pin_4_hole_mount.png" width="100">](stl/compact_esp32s_38_pin_4_hole_mount.stl) | Esp-32S Mounting Case Meccano Compatible | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5330188)

[<img src="images/stereopi_mount.jpg" width="100">](images/stereopi_mount.jpg)

## Servo/Stepper Accessories

Prefix | Description | By
:--- | :--- | :---
[<img src="images/28BYJ-48_mounting_plate.png" width="100">](scad/28BYJ-48_mounting_plate.scad) | A parameterised adapter plate for mounting a 28BYJ-48 stepper motor ([SCAD](scad/28BYJ-48_mounting_plate.scad)) | mecparts
[<img src="images/28BYJ-48_mounting_plate_4x5.png" width="100">](stl/28BYJ-48_mounting_plate_4x5.stl) | A 4x5 adapter plate for mounting a 28BYJ-48 stepper motor | mecparts
[<img src="images/28BYJ-48_mounting_plate_5x7.png" width="100">](stl/28BYJ-48_mounting_plate_5x7.stl) | A 5x7 adapter plate for mounting a 28BYJ-48 stepper motor | mecparts
[<img src="images/28BYJ-48_mounting_plate_5x9.png" width="100">](stl/28BYJ-48_mounting_plate_5x9.stl) | A 5x9 adapter plate for mounting a 28BYJ-48 stepper motor | mecparts
[<img src="images/sg90_slotted_strip.png" width="100">](stl/sg90_slotted_strip.stl) | Slotted arm for SG90 servo | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5029828)
[<img src="images/sg90_slotted_strip_1_2.jpg" width="100">](stl/sg90_slotted_strip_1_2.stl) | Slotted arm for SG90 servo | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5029828)
[<img src="images/sg90_locking_slotted_strip.png" width="100">](stl/sg90_locking_slotted_strip.stl) | Locking slotted arm for SG90 servo | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5226420)
[<img src="images/Meccanoid_Servo_Arm.png" width="100">](stl/Meccanoid_Servo_Arm.stl) | Meccanoid Alternate Servo Arm | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5383071)
[<img src="images/Meccanoid_Servo_Arm_Bushing.png" width="100">](stl/Meccanoid_Servo_Arm_Bushing.stl) | Meccanoid Alternate Servo Arm Bushing | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5383071)
[<img src="images/sg90_6_hole_wheel_disc.png" width="100">](stl/sg90_6_hole_wheel_disc_.stl) | Six Hole Wheel Disc for SG90 servo | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5250617)
[<img src="images/sg90_8_hole_wheel_disc.png" width="100">](stl/sg90_8_hole_wheel_disc.stl) | Eight Hole Wheel Disc for SG90 servo | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5250617)

## Grubbed tri-flat dog clutch

[<img src="images/144c_flush.jpg" width="100">](images/144c_flush.jpg)
[<img src="images/144c_grub.jpg" width="100">](images/144c_grub.jpg)
[<img src="images/144c_wheel.jpg" width="100">](images/144c_wheel.jpg)

## SG90 Locking Slotted Strip

[<img src="images/sg90_locking_slotted_strip1.jpg" width="100">](images/sg90_locking_slotted_strip1.jpg)
[<img src="images/sg90_locking_slotted_strip2.jpg" width="100">](images/sg90_locking_slotted_strip2.jpg)
[<img src="images/sg90_locking_slotted_strip3.jpg" width="100">](images/sg90_locking_slotted_strip3.jpg)

## Bugatti T35 Radiator for Meccano model #33

[<img src="images/bugatti_t35_radiator_model33.jpg" width="100">](images/bugatti_t35_radiator_model33.jpg)

Commit message:

Add N20 motor mounts and PWM board box

parts/custom-parts/README.md, after:

# A collection of custom parts.

Here you will find adapters for non Meccano parts and new takes on existing Meccano parts.

Prefix | Description | By
:--- | :--- | :---
[<img src="cube0.5/images/cube-with-nuts.jpg" width="100">](cube0.5#readme) | &frac12;" cubes | Ed Vegia
[<img src="differential/images/both.jpg" width="100">](differential#readme) | Differential cages | Steven Terrell
[<img src="images/collar-pillow-block.png" width="100">](stl/collar-pillow-block.stl) | Collar pillow block | Steven Terrell
[<img src="images/144c_grubbed_dog_clutch.png" width="100">](stl/144c_grubbed_dog_clutch.stl) | 144c Grubbed triflat dog clutch | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5234068)
[<img src="images/9V_battery_holder_end_mounting.png" width="100">](stl/9V_battery_holder_end_mounting.stl) | Holder for 9V battery with end mounting holes | mecparts
[<img src="images/9V_battery_holder_side_mounting.png" width="100">](stl/9V_battery_holder_side_mounting.stl) | Holder for 9V battery with side mounting holes | mecparts
[<img src="images/bugatti_t35_radiator_model33.png" width="100">](stl/bugatti_t35_radiator_model33.stl) | Bugatti T35 Radiator for Meccano model #33 | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5087612)
[<img src="images/One_Inch_Motor_to_Meccano_Brackett.png" width="100">](stl/One_Inch_Motor_to_Meccano_Brackett_.stl) | Mounting plate for 1" diameter motors | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5361324)

## Microcontroller Mounts & Accessories

Prefix | Description | By
:--- | :--- | :---
[<img src="images/Arduino_mounting_plate.png" width="100">](stl/Arduino_mounting_plate.stl) | An adapter plate for mounting an Arduino Uno ([SCAD](scad/Arduino_mounting_plate.scad), [DXF](dxf/Arduino_mounting_plate_Meccano_logo.dxf))| mecparts
[<img src="images/stereopi_v1.png" width="100">](stl/stereopi_v1.stl) | Raspberry Pi mounting plate (version 1) | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5217911)
[<img src="images/stereopi_mount.png" width="100">](stl/stereopi_mount.stl) | Raspberry Pi mounting plate | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5207817)
[<img src="images/stereopi_holey_mount.png" width="100">](stl/stereopi_holey_mount.stl) | Raspberry Pi mounting plate (end holes) | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5207817)
[<img src="images/compact_esp32s_38_pin.png" width="100">](stl/compact_esp32s_38_pin.stl) | Esp-32S Mounting Case Meccano Compatible | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5330188)
[<img src="images/compact_esp32s_38_pin_4_hole_mount.png" width="100">](stl/compact_esp32s_38_pin_4_hole_mount.stl) | Esp-32S Mounting Case Meccano Compatible | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5330188)
[<img src="images/PWMcase.png" width="100">](stl/PWMcase.stl) | PWM module mounting box (sizes vary so it might not fit yours) | Edmundo Veiga

[<img src="images/stereopi_mount.jpg" width="100">](images/stereopi_mount.jpg)

## N20 Motor Mounts

These may not work in case any gear of the gear train of gear box of the motor
protrudes beyond the face plate of the gear box.

Prefix | Description | By
:--- | :--- | :---
[<img src="images/N20clip.png" width="100">](stl/N20clip.stl) | N20 motor mount | Edmundo Veiga
[<img src="images/N20Fclip.png" width="100">](stl/N20Fclip.stl) | N20 motor mount | Edmundo Veiga

## Servo/Stepper Accessories

Prefix | Description | By
:--- | :--- | :---
[<img src="images/28BYJ-48_mounting_plate.png" width="100">](scad/28BYJ-48_mounting_plate.scad) | A parameterised adapter plate for mounting a 28BYJ-48 stepper motor ([SCAD](scad/28BYJ-48_mounting_plate.scad)) | mecparts
[<img src="images/28BYJ-48_mounting_plate_4x5.png" width="100">](stl/28BYJ-48_mounting_plate_4x5.stl) | A 4x5 adapter plate for mounting a 28BYJ-48 stepper motor | mecparts
[<img src="images/28BYJ-48_mounting_plate_5x7.png" width="100">](stl/28BYJ-48_mounting_plate_5x7.stl) | A 5x7 adapter plate for mounting a 28BYJ-48 stepper motor | mecparts
[<img src="images/28BYJ-48_mounting_plate_5x9.png" width="100">](stl/28BYJ-48_mounting_plate_5x9.stl) | A 5x9 adapter plate for mounting a 28BYJ-48 stepper motor | mecparts
[<img src="images/sg90_slotted_strip.png" width="100">](stl/sg90_slotted_strip.stl) | Slotted arm for SG90 servo | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5029828)
[<img src="images/sg90_slotted_strip_1_2.jpg" width="100">](stl/sg90_slotted_strip_1_2.stl) | Slotted arm for SG90 servo | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5029828)
[<img src="images/sg90_locking_slotted_strip.png" width="100">](stl/sg90_locking_slotted_strip.stl) | Locking slotted arm for SG90 servo | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5226420)
[<img src="images/Meccanoid_Servo_Arm.png" width="100">](stl/Meccanoid_Servo_Arm.stl) | Meccanoid Alternate Servo Arm | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5383071)
[<img src="images/Meccanoid_Servo_Arm_Bushing.png" width="100">](stl/Meccanoid_Servo_Arm_Bushing.stl) | Meccanoid Alternate Servo Arm Bushing | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5383071)
[<img src="images/sg90_6_hole_wheel_disc.png" width="100">](stl/sg90_6_hole_wheel_disc_.stl) | Six Hole Wheel Disc for SG90 servo | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5250617)
[<img src="images/sg90_8_hole_wheel_disc.png" width="100">](stl/sg90_8_hole_wheel_disc.stl) | Eight Hole Wheel Disc for SG90 servo | [Dave Burrell](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5250617)

## Grubbed tri-flat dog clutch

[<img src="images/144c_flush.jpg" width="100">](images/144c_flush.jpg)
[<img src="images/144c_grub.jpg" width="100">](images/144c_grub.jpg)
[<img src="images/144c_wheel.jpg" width="100">](images/144c_wheel.jpg)

## SG90 Locking Slotted Strip

[<img src="images/sg90_locking_slotted_strip1.jpg" width="100">](images/sg90_locking_slotted_strip1.jpg)
[<img src="images/sg90_locking_slotted_strip2.jpg" width="100">](images/sg90_locking_slotted_strip2.jpg)
[<img src="images/sg90_locking_slotted_strip3.jpg" width="100">](images/sg90_locking_slotted_strip3.jpg)

## Bugatti T35 Radiator for Meccano model #33

[<img src="images/bugatti_t35_radiator_model33.jpg" width="100">](images/bugatti_t35_radiator_model33.jpg)
